Calvin Tang - ct541
Christina Yang - cy28

0. Please write down the full names and netids of both your team members.
1. Briefly discuss how you implemented your recursive client functionality.
2. Are there known issues or functions that aren't working currently in your
   attached code? If so, explain.
3. What problems did you face developing code for this project?
4. What did you learn by working on this project?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.For each line in the input file, the first step would be for the client to send the line (hostname) to the RS server. The RS Server has a while true loop that will receive the hostname from the client and check if the hostname is in the RS_DNS_Table that we have populated. In the case that the hostname is in the table, the RS Server will send a message containing hostname, ip address and A back to the client. In the case that the hostname is not in the table, it will send a message containing the TSHostname and NS. The TSHostname is the last element in the RS input file and has been added to RS_DNS_Table when we populate the table. So once the client receives the message that RS Server has sent, if the message contains A, that means RS Server has the hostname and client will put the message into a results array. If the message contains NS, then that means RS Server does not have the hostname and the client must look up the TS Server with the given TSHostname from RS. If that is the case, then we first try to send the hostname from the client to the TS Server. If that fails, that means we haven’t connected to it and we do so and this time the client will successfully send to the TS Server. The TS Server will receive the hostname and do the same as the RS Server in terms of processing the hostname. In the case that the hostname is in TS, it will send hostname, ip address and A back the the client. In the case that the hsotname is not in TS, it will send hostname and host not found error. Once the client receives from TS, it will append the message received into the results array. This will repeat for each line in the hostname input file. Lastly, we send the message “done” from client to both RS and TS Servers. When the servers receive “done” they break out of their while true loops, close socket and exit.
2.To the best of our knowledge, there are not any known issues or functions that aren’t working in our attached code. 
3.We didn’t face a lot of problems developing code for this project. The main difficulty we faced was making sure the client sent the correct messages to the servers and that the servers sent the correct messages back to the client. So to deal with this issue, we established ordering of when the client and server would send and receive messages.
Another issue we had to deal with was making sure that the client’s requests were case insensitive and that the server sent back its version of the requested string. So when the server would read in the domain names from the input file, it would store the lowercase version of the domain name as the key in the dictionary, and the value would be the original line of text from the input file. Then whenever a client request came through, the string would be converted into a lowercase version, thus ensuring case insensitivity.
4.We learned how to work with two different servers with a client at the same time. In the first project, we used one socket and one server. Here, we had to use two sockets simultaneously. One thing that we learned is to connect only when needed. It was detrimental to our program to connect to TS in the start since TS may not be needed at all in the case that all hostnames are in RS and also we didn't know the hostname of TS until we went through the RS Server. We did a try except inside a for loop so that we first try to send a message to TS, but in the case that fails, then we connect to TS. We also learned how to dynamically set the hostname. In project 0 we statically put the hostname. Here, we had to get the TS hostname from RS in order to connect to TS.
